[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/follow-recommendations-service/common/src/main/scala/com/twitter/follow_recommendations/common/models/HasExcludedUserIds.scala)

The code above defines a trait called `HasExcludedUserIds` which is used to exclude certain user ids from recommendations. This trait is likely used in a larger project that involves recommending users to follow on Twitter. 

The `excludedUserIds` method defined in the trait returns a sequence of `Long` values representing the user ids that should be excluded from recommendations. This method can be implemented by any class that extends the `HasExcludedUserIds` trait. 

For example, let's say we have a class called `User` that represents a Twitter user. We can implement the `excludedUserIds` method in the `User` class to return a list of user ids that the user has already followed or does not want to see in their recommendations. 

```
class User extends HasExcludedUserIds {
  def excludedUserIds: Seq[Long] = {
    // return a list of user ids that this user has already followed or does not want to see in their recommendations
  }
}
```

By implementing the `excludedUserIds` method in this way, we can ensure that the recommendations generated by the larger project do not include users that the current user has already followed or does not want to see. 

Overall, the `HasExcludedUserIds` trait provides a way to customize the recommendations generated by the larger project by allowing users to exclude certain user ids.
## Questions: 
 1. **What is the purpose of this trait?** 
This trait defines a common interface for models that need to exclude certain user ids from recommendations.

2. **How is the excludedUserIds sequence populated?** 
The implementation of this trait is not provided in this code snippet, so it is unclear how the excludedUserIds sequence is populated.

3. **Which other models in the project implement this trait?** 
It is not clear from this code snippet which other models in the project implement this trait, so a developer may need to search for other files that use this trait to determine its usage.