[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/src/java/com/twitter/search/earlybird_root/caching/RelevanceZeroResultsCacheFilter.java)

The `RelevanceZeroResultsCacheFilter` class is a filter that is used to cache search results for personalized queries that return zero results. The purpose of this filter is to improve the performance of the search service by caching the results of personalized queries that return zero results, so that the same query will always return zero results for all users. 

The filter works by stripping the request of all personalization fields, normalizing it, and looking it up in the cache. If it finds a response with zero results in the cache, it returns it. If the response is not found in the cache, the filter will execute the query and cache the response for future use. The cache key is the normalized request with all personalization fields stripped.

The `RelevanceZeroResultsCacheFilter` class extends the `CacheFilter` class, which is a generic filter that can be used to cache any type of data. The `CacheFilter` class takes five parameters: a cache, a cache predicate, a request normalizer, a cache post-processor, and a service post-processor. 

The `RelevanceZeroResultsCacheFilter` constructor takes four parameters: a cache, a search decider, a normalized search root name, and a cache stats object. The cache is an instance of the `Cache` class, which is used to store the cached search results. The search decider is an object that is used to determine whether a search query should be executed or not. The normalized search root name is a string that is used to identify the search root. The cache stats object is an object that is used to collect statistics about the cache.

Here is an example of how the `RelevanceZeroResultsCacheFilter` class can be used:

```
Cache<EarlybirdRequest, EarlybirdResponse> cache = new RelevanceCache();
SearchDecider decider = new SearchDecider();
String normalizedSearchRootName = "search_root";
RelevanceZeroResultsCacheFilter filter = new RelevanceZeroResultsCacheFilter(cache, decider, normalizedSearchRootName);
```

In this example, a new instance of the `RelevanceZeroResultsCacheFilter` class is created with a new instance of the `RelevanceCache` class, a new instance of the `SearchDecider` class, and the string "search_root" as the normalized search root name.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
   
   This code defines a filter that caches responses for personalized search queries that return zero results, and returns the cached response for subsequent identical queries.

2. What other classes or modules does this code depend on?
   
   This code depends on several other classes and modules, including `Cache`, `CacheFilter`, `SearchDecider`, `SearchRootModule`, `EarlybirdRequest`, `EarlybirdResponse`, and `EarlybirdRequestContext`.

3. How is the cache key generated for a personalized query?
   
   The cache key is generated by normalizing the request and stripping all personalization fields.