[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/twml/libtwml/src/lib/BatchPredictionRequest.cpp)

This code defines a template class called `GenericBatchPredictionRequest` that is used to decode batch prediction requests for a machine learning model. The class takes a template parameter `RecordType` that specifies the type of data record to be used in the request. The class has a single method called `decode` that takes a `Reader` object as input and decodes the request.

The `decode` method reads a byte from the `Reader` object and checks if it is equal to `TTYPE_STOP`. If it is not, it reads an `int16_t` field ID from the `Reader` object and switches on it. If the field ID is 1, it checks that the feature type is a list and that the list element type is a struct. It then reads the length of the list and resizes the `m_requests` vector to that length. For each element in the vector, it creates a new `RecordType` object with the number of labels and weights specified in the `GenericBatchPredictionRequest` object and calls the `decode` method on that object with the `Reader` object as input. If the field ID is 2, it checks that the feature type is a struct and calls the `decode` method on the `m_common_features` object with the `Reader` object as input. If the field ID is anything else, it throws a `ThriftInvalidField` exception.

The purpose of this code is to provide a generic way to decode batch prediction requests for a machine learning model. By using templates, the code can be used with different types of data records, allowing it to be used in a variety of machine learning applications. The `GenericBatchPredictionRequest` class can be used in conjunction with other classes and functions to build a complete machine learning system that can take in batch prediction requests and return predictions. For example, the `BatchPredictionRequest` class could be used to represent a batch prediction request, and the `decode` method of the `GenericBatchPredictionRequest` class could be used to decode that request.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code and what does it do?
   - This code defines a template function for decoding batch prediction requests in the TWML library, which reads data from a reader object and populates a vector of requests and common features.
2. What is the significance of the `CHECK_THRIFT_TYPE` macro used in this code?
   - The `CHECK_THRIFT_TYPE` macro is used to verify that the type of a field in the Thrift protocol matches the expected type, and throws a `ThriftInvalidType` error if it does not.
3. What is the difference between `HashedDataRecord` and `DataRecord`, and why are they used as template parameters in this code?
   - `HashedDataRecord` and `DataRecord` are two different types of data records that can be used in the TWML library, with `HashedDataRecord` being a more memory-efficient version that uses hashing. They are used as template parameters in this code to specify the type of records that the batch prediction request will contain.