[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/follow-recommendations-service/common/src/main/scala/com/twitter/follow_recommendations/common/transforms/weighted_sampling/SamplingTransformFSConfig.scala)

The code above defines a configuration class called SamplingTransformFSConfig that extends the FeatureSwitchConfig class. This class is responsible for managing the feature switches for the weighted sampling algorithm used in the Twitter follow recommendations system. 

The SamplingTransformFSConfig class has three properties: intFSParams, doubleFSParams, and booleanFSParams. These properties are used to define the feature switches for the algorithm. 

The intFSParams property is a sequence of FSBoundedParam[Int] objects and contains only one parameter called TopKFixed. This parameter is used to set the maximum number of recommendations that the algorithm can generate for a user. 

The doubleFSParams property is a sequence of FSBoundedParam[Double] objects and contains one parameter called MultiplicativeFactor. This parameter is used to adjust the weights of the recommendations generated by the algorithm. 

The booleanFSParams property is a sequence of FSParam[Boolean] objects and contains one parameter called ScribeRankingInfoInSamplingTransform. This parameter is used to enable or disable the logging of ranking information during the sampling process. 

Overall, the SamplingTransformFSConfig class is an important part of the Twitter follow recommendations system as it allows for the fine-tuning of the weighted sampling algorithm. By adjusting the feature switches, the algorithm can be customized to generate recommendations that are more relevant to the user. 

Example usage:

To enable the ScribeRankingInfoInSamplingTransform feature switch, the following code can be used:

```
val config = new SamplingTransformFSConfig()
config.booleanFSParams.find(_.name == "ScribeRankingInfoInSamplingTransform").foreach(_.value = true)
```
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code and how does it fit into the larger project?
- This code is a configuration file for a weighted sampling transform feature in the Twitter Follow Recommendations project. It sets feature switch parameters for the transform.

2. What are the specific feature switch parameters being set in this code?
- The code sets three feature switch parameters: one integer parameter called TopKFixed, one double parameter called MultiplicativeFactor, and one boolean parameter called ScribeRankingInfoInSamplingTransform.

3. What is the significance of the @Singleton and @Inject annotations in this code?
- The @Singleton annotation designates that only one instance of the SamplingTransformFSConfig class will be created and shared across the application. The @Inject annotation indicates that the class has dependencies that will be provided by a dependency injection framework.