[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/home-mixer/server/src/main/scala/com/twitter/home_mixer/functional_component/decorator/ReceivedReplySocialContextBuilder.scala)

The `ReceivedReplySocialContextBuilder` class is a decorator that generates social context metadata for a tweet candidate. The social context metadata is used to display additional information about a tweet, such as whether the tweet is part of a conversation or if it has received replies. This class is part of the larger `The Algorithm from Twitter` project and is used to enhance the user experience of the Twitter platform.

The `ReceivedReplySocialContextBuilder` class takes in a `PipelineQuery` object, a `TweetCandidate` object, and a `FeatureMap` object as input. The `PipelineQuery` object contains information about the query that was used to retrieve the tweet candidate. The `TweetCandidate` object contains information about the tweet candidate itself, such as its text and author. The `FeatureMap` object contains additional features of the tweet candidate, such as whether it is in the user's network or if it has received replies.

The `ReceivedReplySocialContextBuilder` class checks if the tweet candidate is in the user's network and if the focal tweet is out of network. If these conditions are met, the class generates social context metadata that displays a "received a reply" banner. The banner includes the name of the user who replied to the tweet. If the tweet candidate does not meet these conditions, the class returns `None`.

Here is an example of how the `ReceivedReplySocialContextBuilder` class may be used:

```scala
val query = PipelineQuery(...)
val candidate = TweetCandidate(...)
val features = FeatureMap(...)

val socialContextBuilder = ReceivedReplySocialContextBuilder(...)
val socialContext = socialContextBuilder(query, candidate, features)

// Use the social context metadata to display additional information about the tweet candidate
```

Overall, the `ReceivedReplySocialContextBuilder` class is a useful decorator that enhances the user experience of the Twitter platform by generating social context metadata for tweet candidates.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code and how is it used in the larger project?
- This code defines a social context builder for a specific use case in the Home Mixer product. It is used to generate a social context when a root tweet is in network and the focal tweet is OON. It is likely used in conjunction with other social context builders to create a complete social context for a given tweet.

2. What are the inputs and outputs of the `apply` method?
- The `apply` method takes in a `PipelineQuery`, a `TweetCandidate`, and a `FeatureMap` and returns an optional `SocialContext`. The `PipelineQuery` and `TweetCandidate` are used to determine if the social context should be generated, and the `FeatureMap` is used to extract relevant features for generating the social context. 

3. What is the purpose of the `stringCenter` and `receivedReplyString` variables?
- The `stringCenter` variable is an instance of the `StringCenter` class, which is used to prepare localized strings for display. The `receivedReplyString` variable is a string that represents the localized text for the social context banner that is generated by this builder.