[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/cr-mixer/server/src/main/scala/com/twitter/cr_mixer/filter/PostRankFilterRunner.scala)

The `PostRankFilterRunner` class in the `com.twitter.cr_mixer.filter` package is a filter that removes "bad" quality candidates generated by recent notifications. This class is part of a larger project called The Algorithm from Twitter, which likely involves ranking and selecting content to display to users.

The `PostRankFilterRunner` class is a singleton that takes in a `StatsReceiver` object upon initialization. It has a `run` method that takes in a `CrCandidateGeneratorQuery` object and a sequence of `RankedCandidate` objects. The `beforeCount` and `afterCount` variables are used to keep track of the number of candidates before and after the filter is applied, respectively. The `run` method applies the `removeBadRecentNotificationCandidates` method to the sequence of candidates and returns a `Future` of the filtered sequence.

The `removeBadRecentNotificationCandidates` method takes in a sequence of `RankedCandidate` objects and filters out any candidates that are considered "bad" quality. A candidate is considered bad if it is generated by a single `RecentNotification` `SourceKey`. The `isBadQualityRecentNotificationCandidate` method is used to determine if a candidate is bad quality. It checks if the candidate has only one potential reason, if that reason has a non-empty `sourceInfoOpt` field, and if the `sourceType` of that field is `SourceType.NotificationClick`. If all of these conditions are true, then the candidate is considered bad quality and is filtered out.

Overall, the `PostRankFilterRunner` class is a filter that removes bad quality candidates generated by recent notifications. It is likely used in a larger project to rank and select content to display to users. An example usage of this filter might look like:

```
val query = CrCandidateGeneratorQuery(...)
val candidates = Seq(RankedCandidate(...), RankedCandidate(...), ...)
val filter = PostRankFilterRunner(...)
val filteredCandidates = Await.result(filter.run(query, candidates))
```
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
- This code is a Scala implementation of a filter for removing "bad" quality candidates generated by recent notifications in a Twitter candidate generator.

2. What dependencies does this code have?
- This code depends on several other packages and classes, including `CrCandidateGeneratorQuery`, `RankedCandidate`, `SourceType`, `StatsReceiver`, and `Future`.

3. What is the criteria for a candidate to be considered "bad" and removed by this filter?
- A candidate is considered "bad" if it is generated by a single `RecentNotification` `SourceKey`, as determined by the `isBadQualityRecentNotificationCandidate` method.