[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/cr-mixer/server/src/main/scala/com/twitter/cr_mixer/blender/BlendedCandidatesBuilder.scala)

The `BlendedCandidatesBuilder` object in the `com.twitter.cr_mixer.blender` package contains a `build` method that takes in two parameters: `inputCandidates` and `interleavedCandidates`. The purpose of this method is to build a sequence of `BlendedCandidate` objects by interleaving the `inputCandidates` and then mapping each `interleavedCandidate` to its corresponding `CandidateGenerationInfo` using a lookup map generated by the `buildCandidateToCGInfosMap` method. 

The `inputCandidates` parameter is a sequence of sequences of `InitialCandidate` objects. Each `InitialCandidate` object represents a candidate tweet that has not yet been interleaved. The `interleavedCandidates` parameter is a sequence of `InitialCandidate` objects that have already been interleaved and de-duplicated. 

The `buildCandidateToCGInfosMap` method is a private helper method that takes in a sequence of sequences of `InitialCandidate` objects and returns a map that maps each `TweetId` to a sequence of `CandidateGenerationInfo` objects. The purpose of this method is to keep track of which `CandidateGenerationInfo` object generated each `TweetId`. 

Overall, the purpose of this code is to build a sequence of `BlendedCandidate` objects by interleaving the `inputCandidates` and then mapping each `interleavedCandidate` to its corresponding `CandidateGenerationInfo`. This code may be used in the larger project to generate blended candidates for Twitter's content recommendation system. 

Example usage:

```
val inputCandidates: Seq[Seq[InitialCandidate]] = Seq(Seq(initialCandidate1), Seq(initialCandidate2))
val interleavedCandidates: Seq[InitialCandidate] = Seq(interleavedCandidate1, interleavedCandidate2)
val blendedCandidates: Seq[BlendedCandidate] = BlendedCandidatesBuilder.build(inputCandidates, interleavedCandidates)
```
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
- This code is a Scala object that contains a function to build blended candidates from interleaved candidates and a private function to build a map of candidate generation information for each tweet ID.

2. What are the input parameters for the `build` function?
- The `build` function takes in two parameters: `inputCandidates`, which is a sequence of sequences of `InitialCandidate` objects, and `interleavedCandidates`, which is a sequence of `InitialCandidate` objects.

3. What is the output of the `build` function?
- The `build` function returns a sequence of `BlendedCandidate` objects.