[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/cr-mixer/server/src/main/scala/com/twitter/cr_mixer/source_signal/FrsSourceGraphFetcher.scala)

The `FrsSourceGraphFetcher` class is a store that fetches user recommendations from FRS (Follow Recommendation Service) for a given user ID. This class is a part of a larger project called The Algorithm from Twitter. 

The purpose of this class is to fetch user recommendations from FRS and convert them into a `GraphSourceInfo` object. The `GraphSourceInfo` object contains information about the recommended users and their scores. 

The class takes in a `ReadableStore` object that is used to fetch the recommendations from FRS. It also takes in a `TimeoutConfig` object that is used to set the timeout for the fetch operation. The `globalStats` object is used to track statistics related to the fetch operation. 

The `FrsSourceGraphFetcher` class implements the `SourceGraphFetcher` trait, which defines the interface for fetching and processing recommendations. The `isEnabled` method is used to determine if the fetch operation is enabled for a given query. The `fetchAndProcess` method is used to fetch the recommendations from FRS and convert them into a `GraphSourceInfo` object. 

Here is an example of how this class can be used:

```scala
val frsStore: ReadableStore[FrsStore.Query, Seq[FrsQueryResult]] = // initialize the FRS store
val timeoutConfig: TimeoutConfig = // initialize the timeout config
val globalStats: StatsReceiver = // initialize the stats receiver

val frsSourceGraphFetcher = FrsSourceGraphFetcher(frsStore, timeoutConfig, globalStats)

val query = FetcherQuery(userId = "123", params = Map(FrsParams.EnableSourceGraphParam -> true, FrsParams.MaxConsumerSeedsNumParam -> 10))

val result: Future[Option[GraphSourceInfo]] = frsSourceGraphFetcher.fetchAndProcess(query)
```

In this example, we create an instance of the `FrsSourceGraphFetcher` class and pass in the necessary parameters. We then create a `FetcherQuery` object with a user ID and some parameters. Finally, we call the `fetchAndProcess` method to fetch the recommendations from FRS and convert them into a `GraphSourceInfo` object. The result is a `Future` that contains an optional `GraphSourceInfo` object.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
- This code defines a store that fetches user recommendations from FRS for a given user ID.

2. What dependencies does this code have?
- This code has dependencies on several other packages and modules, including `com.twitter.cr_mixer`, `com.twitter.finagle.stats`, `com.twitter.storehaus`, and `javax.inject`.

3. What is the expected output of the `fetchAndProcess` method?
- The `fetchAndProcess` method is expected to return a `Future` containing an optional `GraphSourceInfo` object, which is generated by converting the raw signals obtained from the FRS store.