[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/visibilitylib/src/main/scala/com/twitter/visibility/rules/generators/TweetVisibilityPolicy.scala)

The `TweetVisibilityPolicy` class and `TweetVisibilityPolicyBuilder` object are part of the `com.twitter.visibility.rules.generators` package. The purpose of this code is to generate a set of rules that determine the visibility of tweets based on their safety level. The `TweetVisibilityPolicy` class takes a map of safety levels and their corresponding actions as input and returns the same map as output. The `TweetVisibilityPolicyBuilder` object provides methods to build this map.

The `TweetVisibilityPolicyBuilder` object has several methods to add rules to the map. The `addGlobalRule` method adds a rule for all safety levels. The `addSafetyLevelRule` method adds a rule for a specific safety level. The `addSafetyLevelGroupRule` method adds a rule for a group of safety levels. The `addRuleForAllRemainingSafetyLevels` method adds a rule for all safety levels that have not already been assigned a rule.

The `TweetVisibilityPolicyBuilder` object also has a `build` method that returns a `TweetVisibilityPolicy` object with the rules that have been added to the map.

The `TweetVisibilityPolicy` class and `TweetVisibilityPolicyBuilder` object are used in the larger project to enforce Twitter's safety policies. The safety level of a tweet is determined by Twitter's machine learning algorithms, and the visibility of the tweet is determined by the rules generated by this code. For example, a tweet with a high safety level may be visible to everyone, while a tweet with a low safety level may only be visible to the author's followers.

Here is an example of how the `TweetVisibilityPolicyBuilder` object can be used to add a rule for a specific safety level:

```
val builder = TweetVisibilityPolicy.builder()
val actionBuilder = FreedomOfSpeechNotReachActionBuilder()
builder.addSafetyLevelRule(SafetyLevel.High, actionBuilder)
val policy = builder.build()
```

This code creates a `TweetVisibilityPolicyBuilder` object, adds a rule for the `SafetyLevel.High` safety level using a `FreedomOfSpeechNotReachActionBuilder`, and builds a `TweetVisibilityPolicy` object with the added rule.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of the TweetVisibilityPolicy class?
   
   The TweetVisibilityPolicy class is used to store a map of rules that determine the visibility of tweets based on their safety level.

2. What is the significance of the allApplicableSurfaces variable?
   
   The allApplicableSurfaces variable is a set of SafetyLevels that are applicable to tweets and can be used to filter out SafetyLevels that are not applicable.

3. What is the purpose of the addSafetyLevelGroupRule method?
   
   The addSafetyLevelGroupRule method is used to add a rule for a group of SafetyLevels, where the rule applies to all SafetyLevels in the group that are applicable to tweets.