[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/home-mixer/server/src/main/scala/com/twitter/home_mixer/functional_component/feature_hydrator/SGSFollowedUsersQueryFeatureHydrator.scala)

The code defines a feature hydrator for a Twitter product mixer. The purpose of this code is to hydrate a feature called "SGSFollowedUsers" for a given user ID. The feature is defined as a sequence of long integers representing the IDs of users that the given user follows. 

The code imports several classes from other packages, including the social graph and stitch clients. It defines a case class called "SGSFollowedUsersQueryFeatureHydrator" that extends the "QueryFeatureHydrator" trait. This trait defines a method called "hydrate" that takes a "PipelineQuery" object and returns a "Stitch[FeatureMap]". 

The "hydrate" method first extracts the user ID from the "PipelineQuery" object. It then creates an "IdsRequest" object using the social graph client, specifying that it wants the IDs of users that the given user follows and that the user is not muting. It also sets a limit of 14999 on the number of IDs returned. 

The "hydrate" method then sends the "IdsRequest" to the social graph client and maps the response to a sequence of followed user IDs. It then uses a "FeatureMapBuilder" to create a "FeatureMap" object that maps the "SGSFollowedUsersFeature" to the sequence of followed user IDs. Finally, it returns the "FeatureMap" object wrapped in a "Stitch" object. 

This code is likely used as part of a larger system that involves processing user data and generating features for use in machine learning models or other applications. The "SGSFollowedUsers" feature could be used, for example, to recommend new users to follow based on the users that the given user is already following. 

Example usage:

```
val hydrator = SGSFollowedUsersQueryFeatureHydrator(socialGraphStitchClient)
val query = PipelineQuery(requiredUserId = 12345)
val featureMap = hydrator.hydrate(query).execute()
val followedUsers = featureMap.get(SGSFollowedUsersFeature)
```
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
    
    This code is a Scala implementation of a feature hydrator for the Twitter social graph service, which retrieves a list of users that a given user is following.

2. What dependencies does this code have?
    
    This code has dependencies on several Twitter libraries, including `com.twitter.product_mixer`, `com.twitter.socialgraph`, and `com.twitter.stitch`. It also uses the `javax.inject` and `javax.inject.Singleton` annotations.

3. What is the expected output of this code?
    
    The expected output of this code is a `FeatureMap` object containing a single feature (`SGSFollowedUsersFeature`) and a list of user IDs representing the users that the specified user is following. This output is generated by the `hydrate` method of the `SGSFollowedUsersQueryFeatureHydrator` class.