[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/product-mixer/component-library/src/main/scala/com/twitter/product_mixer/component_library/selector/DropDuplicateResults.scala)

The `DropDuplicateResults` class is a selector component that is used to remove duplicate candidates from a given set of results. It is a part of the larger project called The Algorithm from Twitter. 

The purpose of this class is to keep only the first instance of a candidate in the `result` as determined by comparing the contained candidate ID and class type. Subsequent matching instances will be dropped. This is achieved by using the `dropDuplicates` method from the `DropSelector` class. 

The `DropDuplicateResults` class takes two parameters: `duplicationKey` and `mergeStrategy`. The `duplicationKey` parameter is used to generate the key used to identify duplicate candidates. By default, it uses the candidate ID and class name. The `mergeStrategy` parameter is used to determine how to merge two candidates with the same key. By default, it picks the first one. 

This class ignores `CursorCandidate` and `ModuleCandidateWithDetails` candidates. 

To use this class, an instance of `DropDuplicateResults` is created with the desired parameters. Then, it is applied to a set of results using the `apply` method. The `apply` method takes three parameters: `query`, `remainingCandidates`, and `result`. `query` is a `PipelineQuery` object, `remainingCandidates` is a sequence of `CandidateWithDetails` objects that were not included in the `result`, and `result` is a sequence of `CandidateWithDetails` objects that were included in the result. The `apply` method returns a `SelectorResult` object that contains the remaining candidates and the deduplicated results. 

Example usage:

```
val results = Seq(sourceA_Id1, sourceA_Id1, sourceA_Id2, sourceB_id1, sourceB_id2, sourceB_id3, sourceC_id4)
val dedupedResults = DropDuplicateResults().apply(query, remainingCandidates, results).result
// dedupedResults will be Seq(sourceA_Id1, sourceA_Id2, sourceB_id3, sourceC_id4)
```
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code and how does it fit into the larger project? 
- This code is a component of the product mixer project and is used to remove duplicate candidates from a result set based on a key generated by the `duplicationKey` parameter. 

2. What are the inputs and outputs of the `apply` method? 
- The `apply` method takes in a `PipelineQuery`, a sequence of `CandidateWithDetails` objects representing remaining candidates, and a sequence of `CandidateWithDetails` objects representing the current result. It returns a `SelectorResult` object containing the remaining candidates and the deduplicated result. 

3. What are the default values for the `duplicationKey` and `mergeStrategy` parameters? 
- The default value for `duplicationKey` is `IdAndClassDuplicationKey`, which generates a key based on the candidate's ID and class name. The default value for `mergeStrategy` is `PickFirstCandidateMerger`, which selects the first candidate in the sequence when merging duplicates.