[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/product-mixer/core/src/main/scala/com/twitter/product_mixer/core/functional_component/marshaller/response/urt/item/highlight/HighlightedSectionMarshaller.scala)

The `HighlightedSectionMarshaller` class is a part of the larger project called The Algorithm from Twitter. This class is responsible for converting a `HighlightedSection` object into a `urt.HighlightedSection` object. 

The `HighlightedSection` object is a model object that represents a section of text that needs to be highlighted. It contains two properties: `startIndex` and `endIndex`, which represent the starting and ending indices of the section of text that needs to be highlighted. 

The `urt.HighlightedSection` object is a Thrift-generated object that represents a highlighted section of text in the context of the Unified Response Timeline (URT) service. It contains the same two properties as the `HighlightedSection` object. 

The `apply` method of the `HighlightedSectionMarshaller` class takes a `HighlightedSection` object as input and returns a `urt.HighlightedSection` object. It does this by mapping the `startIndex` and `endIndex` properties of the `HighlightedSection` object to the corresponding properties of the `urt.HighlightedSection` object. 

This class is used in the larger project to convert `HighlightedSection` objects into `urt.HighlightedSection` objects, which can then be used in the URT service. For example, if the URT service needs to highlight a section of text in a response, it can use the `urt.HighlightedSection` object generated by this class to do so. 

Example usage:

```
val highlightedSection = HighlightedSection(startIndex = 5, endIndex = 10)
val marshaller = HighlightedSectionMarshaller()
val urtHighlightedSection = marshaller(highlightedSection)
``` 

In this example, a `HighlightedSection` object is created with a starting index of 5 and an ending index of 10. The `HighlightedSectionMarshaller` object is then created, and the `apply` method is called with the `highlightedSection` object as input. The resulting `urt.HighlightedSection` object is stored in the `urtHighlightedSection` variable and can be used in the URT service.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code and what does it do?
   This code is a Scala class that defines a marshaller for converting a HighlightedSection object to a thriftscala.urth.HighlightedSection object. It is used in the product_mixer core functional component for marshalling responses.

2. What is the significance of the @Singleton and @Inject annotations?
   The @Singleton annotation indicates that only one instance of this class will be created and shared across the application. The @Inject annotation is used to mark the constructor as one that should be used for dependency injection.

3. What other classes or dependencies does this code rely on?
   This code relies on the HighlightedSection class from the com.twitter.product_mixer.core.model.marshalling.response.urt.item.highlight package and the thriftscala.urth.HighlightedSection class from the com.twitter.timelines.render package. It also requires the javax.inject package for the @Inject and @Singleton annotations.