[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/src/java/com/twitter/search/earlybird/partition/freshstartup/SkippedPickedCounter.java)

The code defines a class called SkippedPickedCounter, which is used to keep track of the number of times an item has been skipped or picked during a search operation. The class has three private instance variables: skipped, picked, and name. The skipped and picked variables are used to keep track of the number of times an item has been skipped or picked, respectively. The name variable is used to store a name for the counter.

The class has a constructor that takes a name parameter and initializes the skipped and picked variables to 0. The name variable is set to the value of the name parameter.

The class also has two methods: incrementSkipped() and incrementPicked(). These methods are used to increment the skipped and picked variables, respectively.

The class overrides the toString() method to provide a string representation of the SkippedPickedCounter object. The toString() method returns a formatted string that includes the name of the counter, the number of times an item has been picked, and the number of times an item has been skipped.

This class can be used in the larger project to keep track of the number of times an item has been skipped or picked during a search operation. For example, if the project involves searching a large dataset for specific items, the SkippedPickedCounter class can be used to keep track of the number of times an item has been skipped or picked during the search. This information can be used to optimize the search algorithm and improve its performance. 

Here is an example of how the SkippedPickedCounter class can be used:

SkippedPickedCounter counter = new SkippedPickedCounter("Item Counter");
counter.incrementPicked();
counter.incrementSkipped();
System.out.println(counter.toString());

This code creates a new SkippedPickedCounter object with the name "Item Counter". The incrementPicked() method is called to increment the picked variable, and the incrementSkipped() method is called to increment the skipped variable. The toString() method is then called to print out the string representation of the counter object. The output will be something like: [Item Counter - picked: 1, skipped: 1].
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of the SkippedPickedCounter class?
   - The SkippedPickedCounter class is used to keep track of the number of skipped and picked items for a specific name.

2. What is the significance of the incrementSkipped() and incrementPicked() methods?
   - The incrementSkipped() method increments the skipped counter, while the incrementPicked() method increments the picked counter. These methods are used to update the counters for a specific name.

3. What is the format of the output generated by the toString() method?
   - The toString() method returns a formatted string that includes the name of the counter, the number of picked items, and the number of skipped items. The picked and skipped values are formatted with commas for readability.