[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/follow-recommendations-service/common/src/main/scala/com/twitter/follow_recommendations/common/predicates/sgs/SgsRelationshipsByUserIdPredicate.scala)

The code defines three classes that implement a `Predicate` interface for filtering candidate users based on their relationships with a given user. The `SgsRelationshipsByUserIdPredicate` class takes in a `SocialGraph` object, a sequence of `RelationshipMapping` objects, and a `StatsReceiver` object as constructor arguments. It implements the `apply` method of the `Predicate` interface to return a `Stitch` object that represents whether the given candidate user has a valid relationship with the given user. The `apply` method constructs an `ExistsRequest` object with the given user ID, candidate user ID, and relationship mappings, and calls the `exists` method of the `SocialGraph` object to check if the relationship exists. If the relationship exists, the method returns an `Invalid` `PredicateResult` object with a set of `InvalidRelationshipTypes` objects that represent the invalid relationship types. If the relationship does not exist, the method returns a `Valid` `PredicateResult` object. The method also increments counters in the `StatsReceiver` object to track the number of invalid relationships based on the candidate source.

The `ExcludeNonFollowersSgsPredicate`, `ExcludeNonFollowingSgsPredicate`, and `ExcludeFollowingSgsPredicate` classes are subclasses of the `SgsRelationshipsByUserIdPredicate` class that specialize in filtering candidate users based on whether they are followed by, not followed by, or following the given user, respectively. They take in a `SocialGraph` object and a `StatsReceiver` object as constructor arguments, and pass a sequence of `RelationshipMapping` objects to the superclass constructor to specify the relationship type and inclusion criteria. These classes are annotated with `@Singleton` and `@Inject` to indicate that they are managed by a dependency injection framework.

Overall, this code provides a way to filter candidate users based on their relationships with a given user using the Twitter Social Graph API. It can be used in the larger project to recommend users to follow based on their relationships with other users. For example, the `ExcludeNonFollowersSgsPredicate` class can be used to exclude candidate users who are not followed by the given user, while the `ExcludeFollowingSgsPredicate` class can be used to exclude candidate users who are already followed by the given user.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code and how is it used in the larger project?
- This code defines several classes that implement a predicate for filtering candidate users based on their relationships with a given user. It is likely used in a recommendation system to suggest new users to follow on Twitter.

2. What external libraries or dependencies does this code rely on?
- This code relies on several external libraries, including Google Guava, Twitter Finagle, Twitter Stitch, and Twitter Social Graph. It also uses the Thrift protocol to communicate with the Social Graph service.

3. What is the meaning of the different RelationshipType values used in this code?
- The RelationshipType enum is used to specify the type of relationship between two Twitter users, such as "Following" or "FollowedBy". In this code, different RelationshipType values are used to define different predicates for filtering candidate users based on their relationship with a given user. For example, the ExcludeNonFollowersSgsPredicate class filters out candidate users who are not followed by the given user.