[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/misbahsy/the-algorithm/cr-mixer/server/src/main/scala/com/twitter/cr_mixer/model/TopicTweetWithScore.scala)

The `TopicTweetWithScore` class is a data model used to bind a tweet ID with a raw score generated from a single Similarity Engine. This class is a part of the larger project called The Algorithm from Twitter. 

The purpose of this class is to provide a way to store and retrieve tweet IDs along with their corresponding scores generated by a Similarity Engine. The `score` field is a double value representing the raw score generated by the Similarity Engine. The `tweetId` field is an object of type `TweetId` which is a unique identifier for a tweet. The `similarityEngineType` field is an object of type `SimilarityEngineType` which represents the underlying topic source the topic tweet is from.

This class can be used in the larger project to store and retrieve tweet IDs along with their corresponding scores generated by a Similarity Engine. For example, if the project needs to retrieve the top tweets related to a particular topic, it can use this class to store the tweet IDs and their scores generated by the Similarity Engine. Then, it can sort the tweets based on their scores and retrieve the top tweets.

Here is an example of how this class can be used:

```
val tweetId = TweetId(1234567890L)
val score = 0.8
val similarityEngineType = SimilarityEngineType.TWITTER_SEARCH

val topicTweetWithScore = TopicTweetWithScore(tweetId, score, similarityEngineType)

println(topicTweetWithScore.tweetId) // prints 1234567890
println(topicTweetWithScore.score) // prints 0.8
println(topicTweetWithScore.similarityEngineType) // prints TWITTER_SEARCH
```

In this example, we create a new `TopicTweetWithScore` object with a tweet ID of 1234567890, a score of 0.8, and a Similarity Engine type of `TWITTER_SEARCH`. We then print out the values of the `tweetId`, `score`, and `similarityEngineType` fields of the object.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
   This code defines a case class called TopicTweetWithScore that binds a tweet ID with a raw score generated from a single Similarity Engine.

2. What are the inputs and outputs of this code?
   The inputs to this code are a tweet ID, a score, and a SimilarityEngineType. The output is an instance of the TopicTweetWithScore case class.

3. What is the significance of the SimilarityEngineType parameter?
   The SimilarityEngineType parameter specifies which underlying topic source the topic tweet is from, which is important for generating accurate similarity scores.